{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue46;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;
\red251\green2\blue7;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c22745\c23529;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. Build out the file paths in the image. Your root directory (folder) will be the highlighted word **directories. Every highlighted word is a new directory(folder) and the non-highlighted words are plain old files.** \

\f1\b0 	- did it\
\

\f0\b 2. If I start in my root directory (in this case it is called directories). How would I navigate to the directory called food?\

\f1\b0 	- cd images \
	- cd clipart \
	- cd food\
\
	or 
\f0\b \cf4 cd images/clipart/food
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\

\f0\b 3. From food, how would I navigate to Poe, EdgarAllen?\

\f1\b0 	- cd ..\
	- cd ..\
	- cd ..\
	- cd e-texts\
	- cd Poe,EdgarAllan\
\
	or 
\f0\b \cf4 cd ../../.. > cd e-text > cd Poe,EdgarAllan 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\
\

\f0\b 4. How would I be able to tell the contents of Poe, EdgarAllen?\

\f1\b0 	- ls\
\
\

\f0\b 5. Navigate to images, and use the command that will tell you the exact path of where you are. \cf4 \

\f1\b0 \cf2 	- pwd\
	
\f0\b \cf5 cd ../.. > cd images > pwd 
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\

\f0\b 6. While in images, create a folder called photographs. Also, called Photographs of me 
\f1\b0  
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 	- mkdir photographs\
	- mkdir \'93Photographs of me\'94 (quotations when you want to add spaces) \
\
\
\

\f0\b 7. Navigate to your new directory, and create a new file called sunrise. Oh, and make it a .jpg file. (Windows get a freebie here).\

\f1\b0 	- cd ..\
	- touch sunrise.jpg\
\
\

\f0\b 8. Now move that file back one directory. \

\f1\b0 	- \cf6 \cb1 mv ~/directories/sunrise.jpg ~/NewDir/sunrise.jpg
\f0\b \cf5 (?)\
	mv sunrise.jpg ../
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \
\

\f0\b 9. Change directories to the like folder under monkeys. Open this folder in sublime. \

\f1\b0 	- cd ..\
	- cd Monkeys \
	- cd like\

\f0\b \cf4 	cd ../../Monkeys/like > Subl.\
\cf2 \
\
10. Bonus! Remove the bananas.html file from the like folder.
\f1\b0  \
	- rm bananas.html\
}